[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a mystery thriller
film intruder
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
sayo jin is a well-known architect who
is always busy working
half a year ago he lost his wife in a
hidden drawn accident
since then he has suffered from mental
torture to find the driver responsible
he turns to a psychiatrist to hypnotize
himself
whenever he tries to review details of
the car accident through his dream
he always falls into another dream in
which there are floating balloons
a girl in a red skirt stands next to a
carousel with her back facing him
every time he tries to make the girl
turn around he wakes up from the dream
seo jin's daughter knows nothing about
her mother's death he lies to her that
her mother has gone abroad
in this way he struggles to maintain a
balance between his work and taking care
of his daughter
one day sayo jin gets a call from an
orphanage it claims that they have found
his long-lost sister eugene
seiyo jin is not surprised to hear the
news for he has seen too many mistaken
cases before
so he tells them to do a dna test first
before long the results of the test come
out it shows that the girl and sayo jin
are blood related
say ajin's parents are so excited to
find their long-lost daughter
it turns out the theme park he often
dreamed about is the place where eugene
lost
over the past 25 years seojin has been
blaming himself for the loss of his
little sister
and his parents are also suffering
however
seo jin has no clear memories about what
happened on the day of her abduction
now their little girl has been found and
ready to return to the family
after their reunion eugene works as a
nurse and shows her excellent cooking
skill
she takes good care of sao jin's parents
and daughter
everyone in the family likes her eugene
decides to quit her job
and move into the family the family
visits the hospital where eugene works
and picks her up before leaving they
meet a fellow nurse
who says goodbye warmly to eugene and
praises eugene a lot
it seems like a perfect story to the
family however
sao jin has a hunch that something's
wrong with this long-lost sister
on the first day of eugene's return sayo
jin sees a strange man in his house help
his crippled mother practice walking
the strange man is hired by eugene
without notice
sayo jin feels uncomfortable about that
stranger living together with eugene
sayo jin gradually becomes suspicious of
her
one day he even catches sight of an odd
tattoo on eugene's back
in a vague fear he lets the babysitter
keep an eye on eugene
eugene and the babysitter sends sayo
jin's daughter to learn ballet someday
on the way to the classroom a
middle-aged man with a haggard face
is having lunch upon seeing eugene he
becomes astonished
and then tries to catch her up in a
hurry in anxiety eugene runs alone to
the elevator
trying to hide from that weirdo however
the middle-aged man comes across the
babysitter
so he traces to the parking lot and
stops eugene there
he is so angry and grabs eugene's collar
to grill her
it seems eugene must know something
moments later
the babysitter meets eugene panting for
breath in the elevator
eugene pretends to be calm but she can't
hide her messy hair and scratches on her
neck
they prepare to head home and walk to
the parking lot where a murder just
happened
the curious babysitter steps to take a
look she is so surprised to find that
the middle-aged man
has been killed and a woman's button is
left beside the dead body
the babysitter gets in the car to leave
with eugene on their way home
the babysitter is suddenly frightened
for she notices eugene's button is just
the same
as the one she saw at the crime scene
eugene realizes she has given the game
away
so she takes the babysitter to somewhere
unknown
later eugene gets back home with a fake
note the note seems to be written by the
babysitter
saying she has fallen in love with a man
and run off with him
sayo jin doubts about the note because
the babysitter has been loyal to his
family
and never leaves without any messages in
advance
meanwhile sayo jin's parents and
daughters start behaving differently to
him
instead they seem to listen to eugene
only which makes seojin become more
suspicious
and wonder if she is his lost sister
the police informed seojin about new
evidence in his wife's accident
he's shocked to notice eugene in the
video footage however
he didn't even know eugene six months
ago to further make sure about details
of the accident
seojin hypnotizes himself again this
time he clearly sees eugene
at the scene as well as the face of the
hidden drum driver
seo jin gets home but only to find
another stranger in his house
it's eugene again she hires an unknown
woman to be the new babysitter
who happens to be the lover of the
previous stranger sent to take care of
sayo jin's mother
sayojin is worried about eugene's
identity and continuous intruders in his
family
he asked eugene to visit the orphanage
together but is turned down by her
sayo jin then secretly searches the
website of the orphanage
but is horrified to find the website is
also fake
luckily he notices an address from the
website and follows it to a market
where he meets the fellow nurse who once
praised eugene
the fellow nurse admits that she was
hired by eugene to cheat
and that eugene wasn't a nurse at all
downing eugene's motive
sayo jin rushes home to expose her lies
however eugene has already won over the
entire family
she immediately apologizes and explains
that she just tried to create a good
impression
sayojin's parents totally believe what
she said and blame seo jin for wronging
her
in the argument sayojin's mother faints
and is taken to the hospital
there sayojin manages to get a strand of
eugene's hair
he then takes the sample for another dna
analysis
since eugene comes to the family
seojin's parents and daughter have
behaved strangely
she even manages to transfer the
property of seo jin's parents
sayo jin is often delirious but still
tries to protect his family
he comes into conflict with eugene
several times but his parents always
stand by her side
sayojin's mental state is getting worse
one night sayo jin breaks out in a cold
sweat
he discovers the same tattoo as eugene's
on the new babysitter's back
one day he gets a call from his realtor
that there may be someone in his old
house
sao jin soon gets there and is scared by
what he saw
the dead body of the babysitter is lying
in the bathroom
sayojin gets knocked out before he can
do anything he wakes up
and finds himself tied by the man who
killed his wife
the killer tells seo jin that he and
eugene are both from a religious cult
where they worship the chosen holy child
to perform rituals
they abduct girls to be the chosen child
and the current chosen child is sayo
jin's daughter
so eugene wiggles her way into his
family and drugs the family to make them
hallucinate
so as to control the family and take
away sao jin's daughter
after that the man tries to kill sao jin
for he's known
everything but seo jin spares no effort
after a fierce fight he manages to kill
the man and runs home
only to find police in his house waiting
for him
eugene calls the police that sayo jin is
behaving wild
because of his medication to convince
the police she shows the surveillance
video capturing seo jin's insanity
she can calls the psychiatrist to come
to prove what she said
the psychiatrist turns out to be another
believer of the cult
and helps testify against ceo jin under
strong evidence
the police arrest sayo jin seojin is
upset and tells the police to watch over
his daughter
eugene is satisfied with the situation
she confesses to sayo jin that she has
met his wife
and made her join their cult sayojin
used to spend too much time at work
instead of home
his wife was depressed but had no one to
talk to
eugene ran into her wife at this time
and soon won her trust
as her daughter had been chosen as the
holy child sayojin's wife eventually
came to census
she tried to tell sao jin the truth but
had been killed before she could tell
determining to save his daughter sayo
jin flees from the police
as eugene tries to escape with his
daughter
seojin makes it to catch up with them
halfway up a hill
being confronted eugene tries to gain
his sympathy
saying that she is also a chosen child
and has spell her life in the cult
being worshipped since her abduction
they get into a tussle
causing eugene to nearly fall off a
cliff sayojin grabs her hand at that
critical moment
she pleads with seojin not to let go and
begs for his mercy by mentioning what
happened to her
standing helpless with a blue balloon on
the day of her abduction
however seo jin still leaves her to fall
off the cliff
telling her that he still remembers the
balloon color is yellow
in the end the cult has been closed down
and all go back to peace
sayojin receives the second dna test
report but he shreds the file
without even taking a look at its result
whatever the truth is it
didn't matter any more to say oh jin who
might be unable to accept her even if
she's his real sister
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out